add reference to IP addresses (#1352)
alan-turing-institute/data-safe-haven: docs/deployment/snippets/02_configuration.partial.md

```{tip}
We recommend the following for the `inboundAccessFrom` setting
- Tier 0/1 SREs: this can be set to `Internet`, allowing access from anywhere.

> - Tier 2 SREs: this should correspond to the IP addresses of **organisational networks** (including guest networks) for all approved partner organisations (i.e. any network managed by the organisation, such as `EduRoam`, `Turing Guest`, `Turing Secure`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tier 2 SREs: this should correspond to the IP addresses of **organisational networks** (including guest networks) for all approved partner organisations (i.e. specific networks managed by the organisation, such as `EduRoam`, `Turing Guest`, `Turing Secure`)
```
